---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## 2 Lessons from 'The Cathedral and the Bazaar'

1. "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."

I think this quote comes from a more modern-minimalist mindset where we prefer clean design. Only showing the necessary information, not much more and definitely nothing less. Though I agree with this quote, I believe that there are designs that look clean, mess-free and beautiful but hide things in within multiple views. It's as if someone claimed to be organized and neat but have all their things stuffed into drawers, closets and under their bed when people come over. Multiple views can be functional but when it looks like the iOS settings, where users need a search bar to find things, I couldn't call it perfect.

2. "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."

I think this can tie in with the concept of allowing your users to be your beta-testers. We, as developers may have ideas to fix things, or know how to solve problems using massive amounts of code, but if we aren't the ones using the product on a daily basis, we aren't understanding how it's helping (or not helping) the problem that people face that the product is supposed to solve.

Since coming into this career field, I feel like I've thought about fixing or creating a lot of things in all different kinds of ways to solve even the minor inconvenience I've had. Things like the train being delayed by signal problems, an easier and more user-friendly NYU Albert, and just this week I thought about why there is no way to find out which class rooms aren't being used so that I could study by myself or with my friends without the noise of other people and distractions of lounges and the library. However, I've only been here for a few years, there could be people more experienced who understand that my ideas may have security risks or is un-doable because of reasons far beyond the engineers in working for these establishments. We can be jaded quickly by the fact that we've been trained to do something that __can__ fix a problem, but we sometimes don't stop to understand the problem completely.
 

## 1 Lesson I Resonated With - #18

"To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you."

I think this quote is something that is quite natural to everyone, not only developers. People go through their day and when they notice that something is not working for them, they try to change it. For a developer, an engineer, I even imagine a doctor feeling the urge to make their lives easier. Designing solutions to problems they have every day. This ties into what I wrote about the second quote above this section. I have a directory of text documents that have bits and pieces of ideas. Some are well thought out and others aren't. One of a couple of the personal projects I'm currently working on started from me having a problem that I feel like I could fix through creating a web app, script, etc. 

This is incredibly important to me because I don't believe that working on a project you don't have an interest in will help you in the long run. Once there is no longer any space for growth, it may be time to move onto the next thing, the next itch (lesson #1).


## Team Project - Personal Progress




## TODO (deleted as completed)

[ ] blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week

[ ] update the contributions page on your blog (do not include your team contributions there, but make sure that all of your own contributions are there)