---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Team Project Progress

I've worked on installing the development environment of freeCodeCamp. I also looked through their issues on GitHub and they don't seem like issues that are going to be fixable by outsiders. For example, I commented on an [issue about documentation](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/35529) and the contributors replied stating that they're still talking internally about it even though it seemed like a simple fix. It seems as though we're going to have to go through the site to understand where we may be able to contribute things that others may not have thought about. 

Next week, I think we're going to use the site as a user so that we could get a better idea of what things are missing or may need to be addressed (and try to fix them of course).

## Wikipedia

When I began writing research essays in middle school, I was told that Wikipedia is not a reliable source. Those types of encounters have definitely shaped my thoughts about the site. I never used to think of it as an open source information platform where contributors are able to help others gain knowledge from correcting information based on what they know to be true.

Now I believe that people who contribute to Wikipedia are people who are experts, or are knowledgeable in a field that intersects with the article(s) they are editing.

### Personal Contributions

I do not believe that I will be a regular contributor to Wikipedia. I mainly go to the site to gain information. If there is no information there that I can use, I usually move on.

For this class, I will select articles that intersect with my knowledge and my interests. For example, the MLB baseball 2019 season (because I love baseball), places I have visited, articles on NYU are all possibilities for me.

### Jimmy Wales TED Talk

One thing that I flagged in the Talk that could be out of date is the fact that they only have one developer. As a smaller project in 2005, that would be plausible but in 2019 and with the size that Wikipedia has grown to, they would need to have more help and they do. The Wikimedia Foundation currently has ~300 employees as of June 16, 2017.