---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Cathedral and the Bazaar

Software development referred to as a cathedral is to be similar to the way a cathedral is built: thought-out, slow if necessary, no draft versions, no do-overs. When it is referred to as a bazaar, development is chaotic in the right way. Everyone can have their opinion _and_ their input; everyone is able to say they helped bring it to life.

I before taking this OSSD, I personally preferred the cathedral method. I was always private with my software ideas, but I was also overwhelmed by the amount of work that needed to go into each project. For some of my projects, I knew that I needed to learn a language I didn't know and that would take time. So I longed for the help that the bazaar method provides. Now, I realize that there's nothing wrong with the bazaar method and asking for help, especially when there is a community of people who like the project and want to see it flourish.

### 2 "Lessons"

#### "be open to the point of promiscuity"

When working on an open source project, as the creator your vision needs to be known clearly. Otherwise, potential contributors could begin to interpret things unsaid with things they think should be added to the project.

#### "delegate everything you can"

I think this ties into the community being free-form. Developers will claim an issue and others could submit PRs for the claimed issues and that could cause beginners not to want to contribute to specific projects. On the part of the author/creator of the project, the more they delegate and create issues on their own projects, instead of fixing it all themselves, is the more help they possibly have to get their important issues fixed. Why not have someone help you that is willing and able to?

## Producing Open Source Software (Chapter 1: Introduction)

"The only thing keeping a development group together is their shared belief that they can do more in concert than individually."

I think this quote from Chapter 1 ties into what I wrote about the bazaar method. If there is a community of people, developers and users, who want to see software flourish, they know that their input can be of great help to the maintainers.

### Free v. Open

Free software is open source but not all open source software is free. Not all zero-cost software is free to modify and share. This text claims that good marketing is also to blame for zero-cost software not having a better following, which makes sense to me. Most people are scared to download something that doesn't look professional to their personal device. Of course they would like quality to be free, but if zero-cost also equaled "sketchy" most users wouldn't touch it. That's where OSI's thought process comes into play. If our software looks marketable, like something that's backed by a large company and is "legitamate" we could increase our amount of users.

## Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software (GNU)

The article on GNU seems more aggressive and defensive than the other two above. I know that the history about how GNU started was because of the hindrance and closing-off of software that used to be open and free to access. However, the tone comes off as a company that hasn't looked past it, stand for what they stand for and recognize that there are going to be people who don't share or support the Free and Open Software movements.

## Team Project - Personal Progress

## To Do (deleted as completed)
- [ ] blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week